As earlier we discussed scope is
essentially the context that you're
operating in,
the things that are available to you.
And when we think about scope,
we generally wanna know what
are the ways to change the scope.
Because implicit scope, that's fine.
If you run a function,
it's gonna be in the module scope or
the window scope, things like that.
But if I wanna change that because
I'm referencing this variable or
anything like that, that's something we do
as engineers sometimes when we need to.
Particularly in react if we need to bind,
we say bind this to change the scope,
things like that.
But the three main ways we change
scope our call, what's call take?
A bunch of elements, right?
Yes.
Good answer.
Apply takes does same thing,
but it takes an array.
And then bind is a way of
doing partial application.
So we change the scope without
actually calling the function itself.
In this one we're returning the function.
These other two will return or
will actually execute the function itself.
Whereas bind says, here's the new scope,
but we'll execute it later.
I use bind for partial application
because you can say bind this and
apply a bunch of parameters.
And then now those will be implicitly
past whenever you execute that function.
I know, if I'm talking a little bit
like what is partial application?
I would Google it.
It's actually a pretty useful
tool once you understand it.
But I'm not gonna ask you to code
that up because that's not fair.
I don't think that's a relevant question.
But what I do think is a relevant
question is implementing bind.
So what I want you to do today is I want
you to implement function prototype bind.
And I'll give you a hint cuz this one is a
little trickier, the solution is not long.
But you're gonna need one of
those methods we just talked
about earlier that is in bind.